README.MD, before:

# LogCHEK

### RIP

Didn't think about the fact that servers usually don't have OpenGL available. Plan is to split it out as a command line tool and a gui tool, potentially keeping the same ui framework. 



### General

A simple tool for checking log files. More functionality to come but wanted to make a small application cause I'm lazy. 

Also wanted to try GO. 

v0.1.0.0



# Usage

Just open up the loglist.csv and put the path to each log file on a separate line. Use the full path when possible. Should work with network paths such as `\\someserver\c$\windows`

Once you are satisfied with the list, hit save and run the application.

Once it finishes scanning you will either see "All Clear" or you will see a list of files with errors displayed. 


## Features on the list

These might get implemented but I really just needed something quick and dirty for the moment. 

#### Dynamic log filenames

For example, you should be able to put `$date` in the name and have it be replaced with todays date.

#### In-App list editing

Pretty straightforward, just be able to manage the list in the application itself instead. 

It should also NOT fail if the csv doesn't exist, it should just create the csv instead and tell you to update it. 


#### Additional Releases

- MacOS Release (x86)
- Linux ARM Release
- Window ARM Release
- MacOS ARM Release (Will be a while, I don't have an M1 mac)


# Building

This application works on Windows, Mac, and Linux (should work in ARM environments but I have not tested it there)

## Windows

You will need the `mingw` compiler tools which can be procured through the chocolatey package manager (the easiest way, just do it)

```bash
choco install mingw
```

You may need to add gcc to path but iirc this was done for me. 

```bash
gcc --version
```

That command will tell you if you're good to go. 

Finally, you can use:

```bash
go build -ldflags -H=windowsgui -o LogCHEK.exe main.go
```

to build the application and give yourself an exe. You can use RCEdit to customize it further with an icon and such.

If you DO want to use RCEdit, use the following commands:

```bash
./rcedit.exe LogCHEK.exe --set-version-string "FileDescription" "Log file checker."
./rcedit.exe LogCHEK.exe --set-version-string "ProductName" "LogCHEK"
./rcedit.exe LogCHEK.exe --set-file-version "0.1.0.0"
./rcedit.exe LogCHEK.exe --set-product-version "0.1.0.0"
./rcedit.exe LogCHEK.exe --set-icon "logo.ico"
```


## Linux

I just usually use 

```bash
go run main.go
```

but it can be built using

```bash
go build -o LogCHEK main.go
```

Commit message:

Added info on Windows ARM

README.MD, after:

# LogCHEK

### RIP

Didn't think about the fact that servers usually don't have OpenGL available. Plan is to split it out as a command line tool and a gui tool, potentially keeping the same ui framework. 



### General

A simple tool for checking log files. More functionality to come but wanted to make a small application cause I'm lazy. 

Also wanted to try GO. 

v0.1.0.0



# Usage

Just open up the loglist.csv and put the path to each log file on a separate line. Use the full path when possible. Should work with network paths such as `\\someserver\c$\windows`

Once you are satisfied with the list, hit save and run the application.

Once it finishes scanning you will either see "All Clear" or you will see a list of files with errors displayed. 


## Features on the list

These might get implemented but I really just needed something quick and dirty for the moment. 

#### Dynamic log filenames

For example, you should be able to put `$date` in the name and have it be replaced with todays date.

#### In-App list editing

Pretty straightforward, just be able to manage the list in the application itself instead. 

It should also NOT fail if the csv doesn't exist, it should just create the csv instead and tell you to update it. 


#### Additional Releases

- MacOS Release (x86)
- Linux ARM Release
- Window ARM Release (need to do some research on getting GCC for ARM for Windows)
- MacOS ARM Release (Will be a while, I don't have an M1 mac)


# Building

This application works on Windows, Mac, and Linux (should work in ARM environments but I have not tested it there)

## Windows

You will need the `mingw` compiler tools which can be procured through the chocolatey package manager (the easiest way, just do it)

```bash
choco install mingw
```

You may need to add gcc to path but iirc this was done for me. 

```bash
gcc --version
```

That command will tell you if you're good to go. 

Finally, you can use:

```bash
go build -ldflags -H=windowsgui -o LogCHEK.exe main.go
```

to build the application and give yourself an exe. You can use RCEdit to customize it further with an icon and such.

If you DO want to use RCEdit, use the following commands:

```bash
./rcedit.exe LogCHEK.exe --set-version-string "FileDescription" "Log file checker."
./rcedit.exe LogCHEK.exe --set-version-string "ProductName" "LogCHEK"
./rcedit.exe LogCHEK.exe --set-file-version "0.1.0.0"
./rcedit.exe LogCHEK.exe --set-product-version "0.1.0.0"
./rcedit.exe LogCHEK.exe --set-icon "logo.ico"
```


## Linux

I just usually use 

```bash
go run main.go
```

but it can be built using

```bash
go build -o LogCHEK main.go
```
